Mommy, why are you unhappy?
Is Mommy okay?
It's good because of me
Sorry, Mommy.
How come?
The premise is mom's baby
How could I be unhappy because of you?
Again
As long as you gently and obediently take good care of your body
Wait until the surgery is successful
We can go back to our old lives
Okay? Hmm?
I listen to my mother
I didn't expect you to be so sad about Qingqing
The wound on the hand has not healed
I thought about giving him a preoperative examination
I'm here to thank you next
Thank you for being willing to operate on me
Mom said that a thousand paper cranes can bless people's peace
So I learned to make a few.
Hope you are safe
His illness can't wait any longer
Hurry up and hurry up.